Clarify Allow Contacts to restart Campaign setting behavior (#733)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/campaigns/creating_campaigns.rst

#. Optionally, you can set the following properties:

   *  **Category** - Choose a Category to assign your Campaign to. Categories help you organize your Campaigns. To learn more about creating and managing Categories, see :doc:`/categories/categories-overview`.

>    *  **Allow Contacts to restart the Campaign** - Controls whether Contacts who have previously exited the Campaign can re-enter and go through the workflow again. Enable this option for recurring messages - for example birthdays or subscription renewals - or for transactional operations - for example activity notifications. When enabled, Contacts can complete the Campaign multiple times. When disabled, Contacts who exit the Campaign - whether naturally through the workflow or by being removed from a source Segment - can't restart the Campaign even if they later re-qualify for the source Segment or Form.

Author: Added clarification about what happens when "Allow Contacts to restart the Campaign" is disabled based on the bug fix in [PR #16183](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16183). The fix restored intended behavior where contacts who exit naturally (e.g., via segment moves or condition branches) cannot restart the campaign when the setting is disabled. The PR description explicitly states this setting now "applies to all re-add scenarios: naturally exited contacts being re-added by `campaigns:rebuild`, manually removed contacts being re-added, any other re-entry scenario."

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16183

>    *  **Allow Contacts to restart the Campaign** - Controls whether Contacts who have previously exited the Campaign can re-enter and go through the workflow again. Enable this option for recurring messages - for example birthdays or subscription renewals - or for transactional operations - for example activity notifications. When enabled, Contacts can complete the Campaign multiple times. When disabled, Contacts who exit the Campaign - whether naturally through the workflow or by being removed from a source Segment - can't restart the Campaign even if they later re-qualify for the source Segment or Form.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss reword and restructure this a bit for better read and understanding.

```suggestion
   *  **Allow Contacts to restart the Campaign** - Controls whether Contacts who have previously exited the Campaign can re-enter and go through the workflow again. Enable this option for recurring messages, such as birthdays or subscription renewals, or for transactional operations like activity notifications.
 
     When enabled, Contacts can complete the Campaign multiple times. When disabled, Contacts who exit the Campaign - whether naturally through the workflow or by being removed from a source Segment - can't restart the Campaign even if they later re-qualify for the source Segment or Form.
```
